just because the guys got see that's the
problem with the police force yeah you
know yes it is I'm Iraq and Afghanistan
wars banner who came up with somebody
that was armed this is a double texts
Christopher J Grisham a Fort Hood
soldier on active duty who happens to be
a veteran of Iraq and Afghanistan was
out on a 10-mile hike with his 15 year
old son in order to earn an Eagle Scout
merit badge and since they were hiking
through Temple Texas rural America mr.
Grisham was carrying a sidearm concealed
as he is permitted to do with a license
in Texas and an ar-15 slung across his
chest with his hands nowhere near it
because people in the area anonymous
people of course called it in it was
suspicious the cops had to respond and I
have to say the response from the first
officer on the scene was horrific Lee
stupid you're trying to dis army
illegally illegally no sir am i
threatening you once I find out there's
no issue then I am i doing something
against the law am i doing something
against the wall away from the gun I
don't have my hand you're the gun put
your other hand away from the gun I'm
holding my camera get it away from the
gun it's away from the gun okay now you
know let me go no I'm not gonna let
you're about to get yourself a civil
lawsuit you can get a silver lawsuit or
whatever we need to do right now I so to
find out you can legally have the gun
and you can be out here what do I need a
license to hold this gun nut dude I'm
telling you right now we're having ish
Chris wait I'll tell you what let me get
my camera to my son and I will do
everything you ask Chris come here and
get my camera Chris come here and get my
camera I'm taking my camera off I'm not
touching my gun now the officer wants to
detain him there is grounds under the
current legal system for an officer to
do to do that the difference is they
have to actually say we are detaining
you on suspicion of committing a crime
for the purposes of determining whether
or not a crime was committed and they
can say sir you're under arrest you are
being detained on suspicion please hand
over your firearms or please put your
hands behind your back I will handcuff
you and I will disarm you and we will
have a conversation and then I will let
you go and while unjust and intrusive
much more legally correct and said what
does this officer do he just goes up to
him and says stop right there and he
immediately grabs for the gun on his
chest and because it's clipped there you
can't get off and there's a struggle
that in Susan this is really strange you
can see this at the beginning of the
video which was just released a few days
ago on April fifteenth that there's like
his little struggle that ensues and as
the as Christopher goes and gets his
camera and starts rolling and you're
like what the hell is going on here what
the heck is this cop trying to do
because that's a really good way to get
shot I don't care who you are but if
you're a cop and you don't identify
yourself properly and an armed citizen
goes well this guy is taking my guns
just coming up to me grabbing them he's
wearing a police uniform he's got a gun
could be an imposter could be a bad guy
could be really corrupt could be one of
your typical bad apples that make up
ninety-five percent of the police force
whatever the case may be and you would
have been mr. Grisham entirely justified
in using deadly force against a police
officer who doesn't identify himself
making an unlawful detainment because
when you asked him and you can see this
in the video how he was detaining him on
what grounds the officer didn't say he
didn't give an excuse he didn't say oh
well you're being detained on suspicion
of this no he just tried to disarm him
just went up and forcibly disarmed him
you only have two choices when they come
at you to take your firearms one is to
submit to slavery to admit that you are
and the second one is to resist and in
this case Christopher decided to submit
and that might be the smart thing Breton
you're a sorry excuse for a police
officer my wife is my buddy lecturer oh
okay well I didn't know that hey I feel
threatened cuz you're carrying a loaded
firearm you ain't exempt from the law
and he handled himself admirably taking
this video all the way through to the
end when Grisham was arrested for what
for what resisting arrest an unlawful
arrest at that in which he actually was
quite submissive despite the officers in
correct procedures and at one point
during this confrontation he asked who
was this who was the people are the
people that call this in what was the
complaint with the lawyer this day and
age they're alarmed when they see
somebody with what you have any more
weapons on you we have you right by law
disarm you and to okay do you know what
that law says that lawsuits if you feel
threatened i felt and this video has
gone quite viral almost half a million
views in just a few days and there is a
fundraising attempt going on i should
say a very successful one by mr. Grisham
to raise eleven thousand dollars for a
legal defense fund I hope it's really a
defense / attack fund and I hope he gets
a successful lawsuit against these
officers I know how hard it is to sue
law enforcement I mean I was
body-slammed needing the ribs and choked
for dancing and can't get a lawyer to
take that case so he's he's already
raised over twenty five thousand dollars
mr. Grisham we wish you the best of luck
please check out the video you can share
that and and help raise awareness
because this is an important story that
we need to fight back by open caring as
much as possible we need to change the
culture we need to get out and assert
our rights and this is one of the ways
that you do it is make cops understand
and that they don't have an absolute
monopoly and providing for the public
safety with guns that we as citizens
will take the law that is the natural
law into our own hands because when
seconds count the police are just
minutes away what good anything that has
a bunch of crap